Wang Defa was arrogant when facing us
Hey, I see after he was knocked down by Brother Kobayashi's mud fist
Good as a rabbit
I was
I want to be nervous with them in a normal way
But they did.
You three are unruly
I can't just sit back and watch
This kind of thing will happen sooner or later
Can't open
If you can collect camellia normally in the future
Our progress will be much faster
Because what we're talking about is fine tea.
Huang Defa charges 60 catties.
We charge 100 a jin.
Farmers are willing to sell to us
What about the price?
It can go up a little more appropriately.
It also prompts, especially for family difficulties
Do you understand?
But we have limited funds.
What did you say last time? It cost more than 3,000
Go on like this
Up to 7 days
Time is not a problem
It just so happens that the supplier over there in the mall
Already promised the review of life so soon
If you let me go, I'll leave
I can't find the door anywhere
Good luck!
Just met
People are saying that people like us are screened.
And our quality is also good.
So to speak
We will be the supplier of the big mall in the future.
Mall suppliers are just a proof
The final sales method must be on the Internet
Internet
No, we can't receive the money when we send the goods, right?
This concern is not a family
But the mall has also given corresponding norms
He said that as long as you are good
The first batch of finished products will be handed over to this mall.
If it is not closed
The serial number and license mall will help you handle it.
That's very nice.